update literal-values.md (#3078)
pingcap/docs: literal-values.md

SELECT _utf8'some text';
```

To represent some special characters in a string, you can use escape characters to escape:

| Escape Characters | Meaning |
| :---------------- | :------ |

> | \\0 | ASCII NUL (X'00') character |
> | \\' | Single quote |
> | \\" | Double quotes |
> | \\b | Backspace symbol |
> | \\n | Line break |
> | \\r | Carriage return |
> | \\t | tab character (tab character) |
> | \\z | ASCII 26 (Ctrl + Z) |
> | \\\\ | Backslash \\ |
> | \\% | \% |
> | \\_ | \_ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| \\0 | An ASCII NUL (X'00') character |
| \\' | A single quote `'` character |
| \\" | A double quote `"` character |
| \\b | A backspace character |
| \\n | A line break (newline) character |
| \\r | A carriage return character |
| \\t | A tab character |
| \\z | ASCII 26 (Ctrl + Z) |
| \\\\ | A backslash `\` character |
| \\% | A `%` character |
| \\_ | A `_` character |
```

> If you want to represent `"` in the string surrounded by `'`, or `'` in the string surrounded by `"`, you don't need to use escape characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to represent `"` in the string surrounded by `'`, or `'` in the string surrounded by `"`, you do not need to use escape characters.
```

For more information, see [Numeric Literals in MySQL](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/number-literals.html).

> ## Date and Time Literals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Date and time literals
```

> There are several formats for Date and Time literals, such as a string representation or a numeric representation.
> In TiDB, when TiDB expects a Date, it will treat `'2017-08-24'`, `'20170824'`, `20170824` as Date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Date and time literal values can be represented in several formats, such as quoted strings or as numbers. When TiDB expects a date, it interprets any of `'2017-08-24'`, `'20170824'` and `20170824` as a date.
```

> The TiDB Date value has the following formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB supports the following date formats:
```

> * `'YYYY-MM-DD'` or `'YY-MM-DD'`, the `-` separator here is not strict, it can be any punctuation mark.
> For example, `'2017-08-24'`, `'2017&08&24'`, `'2012@12^31'` are all the same.
> The only thing that needs special treatment is the'.' sign, which is used as a decimal point to separate the integer and decimal parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `'YYYY-MM-DD'` or `'YY-MM-DD'`: The `-` delimiter here is not strict. It can be any punctuation. For example, `'2017-08-24'`, `'2017&08&24'`, `'2012@12^31'` are all valid date formats. The only special punctuation is '.', which is is treated as a decimal point to separate the integer and fractional parts. Date and time can be separated by `T` or a white space. For example, `2017-8-24 10:42:00` and `2017-8-24T10:42:00` represents the same date and time.
```

> * `'YYYYMMDDHHMMSS'` or `'YYMMDDHHMMSS'`, for example `'20170824104520'` and `'170824104520'` are regarded as `'2017-08-24 10:45:20'`, but if you provide a value out of range, such as `'170824304520'`, then this is not a valid Date literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `'YYYYMMDDHHMMSS'` or `'YYMMDDHHMMSS'`: For example, `'20170824104520'` and `'170824104520'` are regarded as `'2017-08-24 10:45:20'`. However, if you provide a value out of range, such as `'170824304520'`, it is not treated as a valid date.
```

> * `YYYYMMDDHHMMSS` or `YYMMDDHHMMSS`, note that there is no single or double quotes, it is a number. For example, `20170824104520` is expressed as `'2017-08-24 10:45:20'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `YYYYMMDDHHMMSS` or `YYMMDDHHMMSS`: Note that these formats have no single or double quotes, but a number. For example, `20170824104520` is interpreted as `'2017-08-24 10:45:20'`.
```

> DATETIME or TIMESTAMP value can be followed by a decimal part, used to represent microseconds (accuracy up to 6 decimal places), separated by a decimal point `.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DATETIME or TIMESTAMP values can be followed by a fractional part, used to represent microseconds precision (6 digits).  The fractional part should always be separated from the rest of the time by a decimal point `.`.
```

> If there are only two numbers in the year part of date, which is ambiguous (recommended to use the four-digit format), TiDB will try to explain with the following rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The year value containing only two digits is ambiguous. It is recommended to use the four-digit year format. TiDB interpretes the two-digit year value according to the following rules:
```

> * If the year value is in the range of `70-99`, it will be converted to `1970-1999`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the year value is in the range of `70-99`, it is converted to `1970-1999`.
```

* If the year value is in the range of `00-69`, it is converted to `2000-2069`.

> For month or day values ​​less than 10, `'2017-8-4'` is the same as `'2017-08-04'`. The same is true for Time, for example, `'2017-08-24 1:2:3'` is the same as `'2017-08-24 01:02:03'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For month or day values ​​less than 10, `'2017-8-4'` is the same as `'2017-08-04'`. The same is true for Time. For example, `'2017-08-24 1:2:3'` is the same as `'2017-08-24 01:02:03'`.
```

> In the context where Date or Time is required, TiDB will select the specified format according to the length of the value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the date or time value is required, TiDB selects the specified format according to the length of the value:
```

> * 6 numbers will be interpreted as `YYMMDD`.
> * 12 digits will be interpreted as `YYMMDDHHMMSS`.
> * 8 digits will be interpreted as `YYYYMMDD`.
> * 14 digits will be interpreted as `YYYYMMDDHHMMSS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 6 digits: `YYMMDD`.
* 12 digits: `YYMMDDHHMMSS`.
* 8 digits: `YYYYMMDD`.
* 14 digits: `YYYYMMDDHHMMSS`.
```

> For the Time type, TiDB is expressed in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB supports the following formats for time values:
```

> * `'D HH:MM:SS'`, or `'HH:MM:SS'`, `'HH:MM'`, `'D HH:MM'`, `'D HH'`, `'SS'`, where D means days, the legal range is `0-34`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `'D HH:MM:SS'`, or `'HH:MM:SS'`, `'HH:MM'`, `'D HH:MM'`, `'D HH'`, `'SS'`: `D` means days and the valid value range is `0-34`.
```

> * The value `HHMMSS`, for example `231010` is interpreted as `'23:10:10'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A number in `HHMMSS` format: For example, `231010` is interpreted as `'23:10:10'`.
```

> * The values ​​`SS`, `MMSS`, and `HHMMSS` can all be regarded as Time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A number in any of `SS`, `MMSS`, and `HHMMSS`formats can be regarded as time.
```

The decimal point of the Time type is also `.`, with a precision of up to 6 digits after the decimal point.

> More [details] (https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/date-and-time-literals.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [MySQL date and time literals](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/date-and-time-literals.html) for more details.
```

## Boolean Literals

> The constants `TRUE` and `FALSE` are equal to 1 and 0, which is not case sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constants `TRUE` and `FALSE` are equal to 1 and 0 respectively, which are not case sensitive.
```

+------+--------+--------+
3 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

## NULL Values

> `NULL` means the data is empty, it is case-insensitive, and is synonymous with `\N` (case-sensitive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NULL` means the data is empty, which is case-insensitive, and is synonymous with `\N` (case-sensitive).
```
